csharp/README.md, before:

# C# Snippets

The C# snippets are contained in the `snippets` directory under various
directories -- each as its own assembly/project.

## Building

The C# snippets can built using the `dotnet build [project-name]` command under each directory.  They can be run using `dotnet run --project [project-name]` command.  Attempting to run a snippet will also trigger building it.

## Running

There are several ways to run the code snippets.

### Run Directly

You may run any individual Snippet class directly providing you have a Senzing repository to run it with and the `SENZING_ENGINE_CONFIGURATION_JSON` environment variable set for connecting to that repository.  Many of the snippets will find a default data file to run with if run from the `snippets` directory, but also allow the caller to use a different data file if given by the first command-line argument.

1. Run a snippet that takes no command-line arguments.

    ```[shell]
    cd snippets
    dotnet run --project loading/LoadRecords
    ```

2. Run a snippet and override the input file using command-line arguments

    ```[shell]
    dotnet run --project loading/LoadRecordsViaLoop ../../resources/data/load-500-with-errors.jsonl
    ```

### Run via Runner

The `SnippetRunner` project will run one or more snippets for you and create a temporary Senzing repository to run then against.  This can be executed using:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner
    ```

**NOTE:** When code snippets are run this way you cannot specify command-line arguments for individual snippets, nor can you respond to command-line input requests (they will be automatically be responded by the runner -- including forced termination of a snippet that is intended to run indefinitely).

1. Execute all code snippets:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner all
    ```

2. Execute all code snippets in a group:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner loading
    ```

3. Execute all code snippets from multiple groups:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner loading redo
    ```

4. Execute specific code snippets:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner loading.LoadViaLoop loading.LoadViaQueue
    ```

5. Mix and match packages with individual snippets:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner redo loading.LoadViaLoop
    ```

6. Generate a help message by specifying no arguments:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner

    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner [ all | <group> | <snippet> ]*

        - Specifying no arguments will print this message
        - Specifying "all" will run all snippets
        - Specifying one or more groups will run all snippets in those groups
        - Specifying one or more snippets will run those snippet

    Examples:

    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner all

    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner loading.LoadRecords loading.LoadViaFutures

    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner initialization deleting loading.LoadRecords

    Snippet Group Names:
        - configuration
        - deleting
        - information
        - initialization
        - loading
        - redo
        - searching
        - stewardship

    Snippet Names:
        - configuration.AddDataSources
        - configuration.InitDefaultConfig
        - deleting.DeleteViaFutures
        - deleting.DeleteViaLoop
        - deleting.DeleteWithInfoViaFutures
        - information.CheckDatastorePerformance
        - information.GetDatastoreInfo
        - information.GetLicense
        - information.GetVersion
        - initialization.EnginePriming
        - initialization.EnvironmentAndHubs
        - initialization.PurgeRepository
        - loading.LoadRecords
        - loading.LoadTruthSetWithInfoViaLoop
        - loading.LoadViaFutures
        - loading.LoadViaLoop
        - loading.LoadViaQueue
        - loading.LoadWithInfoViaFutures
        - loading.LoadWithStatsViaLoop
        - redo.LoadWithRedoViaLoop
        - redo.RedoContinuous
        - redo.RedoContinuousViaFutures
        - redo.RedoWithInfoContinuous
        - searching.SearchRecords
        - searching.SearchViaFutures
        - stewardship.ForceResolve
        - stewardship.ForceUnresolve
    ```

Commit message:

Updated README.md files for formatting & additional C# instructions. (#23)
* Java and C# Code Snippets for 4.0.0 Beta 2

* Updated CHANGELOG.md for C# examples and Java example updates

* Updated README.md files for formatting and additional C# instructions

csharp/README.md, after:

# C# Snippets

The C# snippets are contained in the `snippets` directory under various
directories -- each as its own assembly/project.

## Prerequisites

Before attempting to build the snippets you will need to make the make the
`Senzing.Sdk.[version].nupkg` file available to the `dotnet` executable so
it can be used as a dependency.  This is done via these [instructions](https://github.com/senzing-garage/sz-sdk-csharp/blob/main/README.md#Usage).

## Building

The C# snippets can built using the `dotnet build [project-name]` command under each directory.  They can be run using `dotnet run --project [project-name]` command.  Attempting to run a snippet will also trigger building it.

## Running

There are several ways to run the code snippets.

### Run Directly

You may run any individual Snippet class directly providing you have a Senzing repository to run it with and the `SENZING_ENGINE_CONFIGURATION_JSON` environment variable set for connecting to that repository.  Many of the snippets will find a default data file to run with if run from the `snippets` directory, but also allow the caller to use a different data file if given by the first command-line argument.

1. Run a snippet that takes no command-line arguments.

    ```[shell]
    cd snippets
    dotnet run --project loading/LoadRecords
    ```

2. Run a snippet and override the input file using command-line arguments

    ```[shell]
    dotnet run --project loading/LoadRecordsViaLoop ../../resources/data/load-500-with-errors.jsonl
    ```

### Run via Runner

The `SnippetRunner` project will run one or more snippets for you and create a temporary Senzing repository to run then against.  This can be executed using:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner
    ```

**NOTE:** When code snippets are run this way you cannot specify command-line arguments for individual snippets, nor can you respond to command-line input requests (they will be automatically be responded by the runner -- including forced termination of a snippet that is intended to run indefinitely).

1. Execute all code snippets:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner all
    ```

2. Execute all code snippets in a group:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner loading
    ```

3. Execute all code snippets from multiple groups:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner loading redo
    ```

4. Execute specific code snippets:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner loading.LoadViaLoop loading.LoadViaQueue
    ```

5. Mix and match packages with individual snippets:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner redo loading.LoadViaLoop
    ```

6. Generate a help message by specifying no arguments:

    ```[shell]
    cd runner
    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner

    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner [ all | <group> | <snippet> ]*

        - Specifying no arguments will print this message
        - Specifying "all" will run all snippets
        - Specifying one or more groups will run all snippets in those groups
        - Specifying one or more snippets will run those snippet

    Examples:

    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner all

    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner loading.LoadRecords loading.LoadViaFutures

    dotnet run --project SnippetRunner initialization deleting loading.LoadRecords

    Snippet Group Names:
        - configuration
        - deleting
        - information
        - initialization
        - loading
        - redo
        - searching
        - stewardship

    Snippet Names:
        - configuration.AddDataSources
        - configuration.InitDefaultConfig
        - deleting.DeleteViaFutures
        - deleting.DeleteViaLoop
        - deleting.DeleteWithInfoViaFutures
        - information.CheckDatastorePerformance
        - information.GetDatastoreInfo
        - information.GetLicense
        - information.GetVersion
        - initialization.EnginePriming
        - initialization.EnvironmentAndHubs
        - initialization.PurgeRepository
        - loading.LoadRecords
        - loading.LoadTruthSetWithInfoViaLoop
        - loading.LoadViaFutures
        - loading.LoadViaLoop
        - loading.LoadViaQueue
        - loading.LoadWithInfoViaFutures
        - loading.LoadWithStatsViaLoop
        - redo.LoadWithRedoViaLoop
        - redo.RedoContinuous
        - redo.RedoContinuousViaFutures
        - redo.RedoWithInfoContinuous
        - searching.SearchRecords
        - searching.SearchViaFutures
        - stewardship.ForceResolve
        - stewardship.ForceUnresolve
    ```
